Welcome
Are you ready to explore the real power of Robot With Python ?
That's true.
I'm talking about python and robot framework and in this course we're going to talk about one of the most
demanding skill set, that is device automation in test automation field.
So we're going to focus on the Android device.
Automations will also touch on the Windows device automation for the desktop applications.
And also we're going to touch about the MAC desktop application
And iOS simulator.
So when you have the complete knowledge base across all the operating system, you can really apply
your knowledge on your real project in your organisation